i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/lab/effect_texture_maker.md, before:

---
title: EffectTextureMaker
description: EffectTextureMaker is generating texture tool on the web browser
keywords:
  - EffectTextureMaker
  - Three.js
  - シェーダー
  - テクスチャ
  - Vfx
image: https://og-image-mebiusbox.vercel.app/api/og?title=EffectTextureMaker&subtitle=EffectTetureMaker%E3%81%AF%E3%83%96%E3%83%A9%E3%82%A6%E3%82%B6%E3%81%A7%E4%B8%BB%E3%81%AB%E3%82%A8%E3%83%95%E3%82%A7%E3%82%AF%E3%83%88%E7%94%A8%E3%81%AE%E3%83%86%E3%82%AF%E3%82%B9%E3%83%81%E3%83%A3%E3%82%92%E4%BD%9C%E6%88%90%E3%81%99%E3%82%8B%E3%81%93%E3%81%A8%E3%81%8C%E3%81%A7%E3%81%8D%E3%82%8B%E3%82%82%E3%81%AE%E3%81%A7%E3%81%99&date=2023%2F01%2F11
last_update:
  date: 2024-03-26
  author: mebiusbox
---

# EffectTextureMaker

[EffectTextureMaker](http://mebiusbox.github.io/contents/EffectTextureMaker/) is generating texture tool on the web browser. This tool can make a lot of vfx textures and you can also make animated sprites sheet.

<img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker.png" width="50%" />


## Features

- A lot of type of template for vfx texture.
- Make a normal map.
- Make a animated sprites sheet.
- You can save as image format supported by the web browser.
- Support image maximum of 2048 sizes.
- Support color balance adjustment.


## End-User License

The texture generated with EffectTextureMaker can be freely used for commercial and non-commercial products. The texture is licensed under the [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).


## How To Use

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <ol>
        <li>Set the resolution. (resolution)</li>
        <li>Choose the effect template. (type)</li>
        <li>Adjust parameters as you like. (Parameters)</li>
        <li>Click the Save button to open the rendered image and save it.</li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_HowToUse.png" />
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### time

It can be used for animated effects.

### animate

Animates an effect. It is available for some effects.

### polarConversion

Transforms the effect into polar coordinates.


### Toon

Enable toon shading. Three gradations: dark, light, and other.

| Parameter |       Summary        |
| --------- | -------------------- |
| enable    | Enable toon shading. |
| dark      | Rate of dark part.   |
| light     | Rate of light part.  |

### Tiling

To seemless the effect. (Not good)

|  Parameter  |            Summary             |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| enable      | Enable tiling.                 |
| radial mask | Adjust boundary intersections. |

### NormalMap

Convert to a normal map.

|  Parameter   |      Summary       |
| ------------ | ------------------ |
| generate     | Enable conversion. |
| cHeightScale | Scale of height.   |

### ColorBalance

Apply color bbalance to the effect.


|     Parameter     |            Summary             |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Shadows           | Dark part.                     |
| Midtones          | Middle part.                   |
| Highlights        | Light part.                    |
| resetColorBalance | Reset ColorBalance parameters. |

### SpriteSheet

Generates animated effects on a single image (SpriteSheet).

| Parameter  |            Summary             |
| ---------- | ------------------------------ |
| dimension  | The number of image divisions. |
| time       | Animation start time.          |
| timeLength | Length of animation.           |
| timeStep   | Step time.                     |

For example, assume the parameters as follows:

- resolution : 512
- dimesion : 8
- time : 0
- timeLength : 3
- timeStep : 0.1

It will render at most `16` sprites in `512x512` image. That is, the size of one sprite is `64x64` (512/8), up to 64 sprites. The sprite rendering starts at `0`, and one sprite is drawn every `0.1` seconds, for `3` seconds. When the maximum number of sprites is reached, the rendering is finished.

![SpriteSheet](/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_SpriteSheet.png)


### Image with alpha (PNG)

Save in PNG image with alpha channel. This is an experimental feature. It cannot be used to save SpriteSheet.


|   Parameter    |                Summary                 |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| threshold      | Threshold to truncate to 0.0 (black)   |
| tolerance      | Tolerance to be rounded up 1.0 (white) |
| blur           | Strength of the blur.                  |
| visible        | Show the alpha channel.                |
| Save (PNG)     | Save generated image.                  |
| Download (PNG) | Download generated image.              |

There are two methods: Save and Download, but you can use either.


## Save/Load

You can save and load the data in JSON format. Press the `save` and `load` buttons on the top of controller, respectively.


## Gallery

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_wood.gif" alt="Wood" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Wood</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_circle.gif" alt="Circle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Circle</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_solar.gif" alt="Solar" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Solar</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_corona.gif" alt="Corona" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Corona</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_spark.gif" alt="Spark" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Spark</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_ring.gif" alt="Ring" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Ring</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradation.gif" alt="Gradation" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Gradation</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradationline.gif" alt="GradationLine" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">GradationLine</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flash.gif" alt="Flash" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flash</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cone.gif" alt="Cone" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cone</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flower.gif" alt="Flower" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flower</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flowerfun.gif" alt="FlowerFun" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlowerFun</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_wavering.gif" alt="WaveRing" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">WaveRing</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_smoke.gif" alt="Smoke" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Smoke</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flame.gif" alt="Flame" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flame</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_frameeye.gif" alt="FlameEye" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlameEye</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fire.gif" alt="Fire" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Fire</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cell.gif" alt="Cell" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cell</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_lightning.gif" alt="Lightning" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Lightning</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare.gif" alt="Flare" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare2.gif" alt="Flare2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare3.gif" alt="Flare3" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare3</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_lensflare.gif" alt="LensFlare" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">LensFlare</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_sun.gif" alt="Sun" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Sun</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_magiccircle.gif" alt="MagicCircle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">MagicCircle</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_mandara.gif" alt="Mandara" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Mandara</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_explosion.gif" alt="Explosion" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Explosion</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_explosion2.gif" alt="Explosion2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Explosion2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cross.gif" alt="Cross" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cross</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_laser.gif" alt="Laser" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Laser</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_laser2.gif" alt="Laser2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Laser2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_light.gif" alt="Light" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Light</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cloud.gif" alt="Cloud" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cloud</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cloud2.gif" alt="Cloud2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cloud2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_perlinnoise.gif" alt="PerlinNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">PerlinNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_seemlessnoise.gif" alt="SeemlessNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">SeemlessNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_booleannoise.gif" alt="BooleanNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BooleanNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cellnoise.gif" alt="CellNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">CellNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_turbulentnoise.gif" alt="TurbulentNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">TurbulentNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise.gif" alt="FbmNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise2.gif" alt="FbmNoise2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise3.gif" alt="FbmNoise3" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise3</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_randomnoise.gif" alt="RandomNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">RandomNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_voronoinoise.gif" alt="VoronoiNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">VoronoiNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_sparknoise.gif" alt="SparkNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">SparkNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_marblenoise.gif" alt="MarbleNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">MarbleNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_tessnoise.gif" alt="TessNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">TessNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradientnoise.gif" alt="GradientNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">GradientNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_checker.gif" alt="Checker" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Checker</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flamelance.gif" alt="FlameLance" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlameLance</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_bonfire.gif" alt="Bonfire" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Bonfire</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_snow.gif" alt="Snow" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Snow</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_diamondgear.gif" alt="DiamondGear" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">DiamondGear</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_brushstroke.gif" alt="BrushStroke" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BrushStroke</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_speckle.gif" alt="Speckle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Speckle</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_bubbles.gif" alt="Bubbles" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Bubbles</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_pentagon.gif" alt="Pentagon" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Pentagon</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_grunge.gif" alt="Grunge" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Grunge</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_energy.gif" alt="Energy" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Energy</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_inksplat.gif" alt="InkSplat" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">InkSplat</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_particle.gif" alt="Particle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Particle</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_electric.gif" alt="Electric" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Electric</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_caustics.gif" alt="Caustics" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Caustics</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_squiggles.gif" alt="Squiggles" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Squiggles</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_waterturbulence.gif" alt="WaterTurbulence" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">WaterTurbulence</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_trabeculum.gif" alt="Trabeculum" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Trabeculum</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_binarymatrix.gif" alt="BinaryMatrix" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BinaryMatrix</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_coherentnoise.gif" alt="CoherentNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">CoherentNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
    </div>
    <div className="col">
    </div>
  </div>
</div>


## Tips

This parameters can be used to create the following image.

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_Tips01.png" alt="Tips01" />
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <ul>
        <li>type: GradientLine </li>
        <li>Direction X: 0</li>
        <li>Direction Y: 1</li>
        <li>Offset: 0</li>
        <li>PowerExponent: 5</li>
        <li>polarConversion: 有効</li>
      </ul>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>


## Contact

Please do not hesitate to contact me. 

mebiusbox[at]gmail[dot].com


## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2017-2024 mebiusbox software.


## Changes

- 2024-03-26: 
  - [Add] CoherentNoise template type.
  - [Add] Add a button to reset effect parameters.
  - [Fix] Noise sphere cannot be rendered.
- 2023-12-31: [Add] BinaryMatrix template type.
- 2023-12-12: [Add] SpriteSheets can be saved as Png image with alpha channel.
- 2023-11-23: [Add] An generated image can be saved in Png image with alpha channel (Experimental). 'Save (PNG)' and 'Download (PNG)' have the same function. They are provided for browser compatibility.

Commit message:

add explanation of coherent noise

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/lab/effect_texture_maker.md, after:

---
title: EffectTextureMaker
description: EffectTextureMaker is generating texture tool on the web browser
keywords:
  - EffectTextureMaker
  - Three.js
  - シェーダー
  - テクスチャ
  - Vfx
image: https://og-image-mebiusbox.vercel.app/api/og?title=EffectTextureMaker&subtitle=EffectTetureMaker%E3%81%AF%E3%83%96%E3%83%A9%E3%82%A6%E3%82%B6%E3%81%A7%E4%B8%BB%E3%81%AB%E3%82%A8%E3%83%95%E3%82%A7%E3%82%AF%E3%83%88%E7%94%A8%E3%81%AE%E3%83%86%E3%82%AF%E3%82%B9%E3%83%81%E3%83%A3%E3%82%92%E4%BD%9C%E6%88%90%E3%81%99%E3%82%8B%E3%81%93%E3%81%A8%E3%81%8C%E3%81%A7%E3%81%8D%E3%82%8B%E3%82%82%E3%81%AE%E3%81%A7%E3%81%99&date=2023%2F01%2F11
last_update:
  date: 2024-03-26
  author: mebiusbox
---

# EffectTextureMaker

[EffectTextureMaker](http://mebiusbox.github.io/contents/EffectTextureMaker/) is generating texture tool on the web browser. This tool can make a lot of vfx textures and you can also make animated sprites sheet.

<img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker.png" width="50%" />


## Features

- A lot of type of template for vfx texture.
- Make a normal map.
- Make a animated sprites sheet.
- You can save as image format supported by the web browser.
- Support image maximum of 2048 sizes.
- Support color balance adjustment.


## End-User License

The texture generated with EffectTextureMaker can be freely used for commercial and non-commercial products. The texture is licensed under the [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).


## How To Use

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <ol>
        <li>Set the resolution. (resolution)</li>
        <li>Choose the effect template. (type)</li>
        <li>Adjust parameters as you like. (Parameters)</li>
        <li>Click the Save button to open the rendered image and save it.</li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_HowToUse.png" />
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### time

It can be used for animated effects.

### animate

Animates an effect. It is available for some effects.

### polarConversion

Transforms the effect into polar coordinates.


### Toon

Enable toon shading. Three gradations: dark, light, and other.

| Parameter |       Summary        |
| --------- | -------------------- |
| enable    | Enable toon shading. |
| dark      | Rate of dark part.   |
| light     | Rate of light part.  |

### Tiling

To seemless the effect. (Not good)

|  Parameter  |            Summary             |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| enable      | Enable tiling.                 |
| radial mask | Adjust boundary intersections. |

### NormalMap

Convert to a normal map.

|  Parameter   |      Summary       |
| ------------ | ------------------ |
| generate     | Enable conversion. |
| cHeightScale | Scale of height.   |

### ColorBalance

Apply color bbalance to the effect.


|     Parameter     |            Summary             |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Shadows           | Dark part.                     |
| Midtones          | Middle part.                   |
| Highlights        | Light part.                    |
| resetColorBalance | Reset ColorBalance parameters. |

### SpriteSheet

Generates animated effects on a single image (SpriteSheet).

| Parameter  |            Summary             |
| ---------- | ------------------------------ |
| dimension  | The number of image divisions. |
| time       | Animation start time.          |
| timeLength | Length of animation.           |
| timeStep   | Step time.                     |

For example, assume the parameters as follows:

- resolution : 512
- dimesion : 8
- time : 0
- timeLength : 3
- timeStep : 0.1

It will render at most `16` sprites in `512x512` image. That is, the size of one sprite is `64x64` (512/8), up to 64 sprites. The sprite rendering starts at `0`, and one sprite is drawn every `0.1` seconds, for `3` seconds. When the maximum number of sprites is reached, the rendering is finished.

![SpriteSheet](/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_SpriteSheet.png)


### Image with alpha (PNG)

Save in PNG image with alpha channel. This is an experimental feature. It cannot be used to save SpriteSheet.


|   Parameter    |                Summary                 |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| threshold      | Threshold to truncate to 0.0 (black)   |
| tolerance      | Tolerance to be rounded up 1.0 (white) |
| blur           | Strength of the blur.                  |
| visible        | Show the alpha channel.                |
| Save (PNG)     | Save generated image.                  |
| Download (PNG) | Download generated image.              |

There are two methods: Save and Download, but you can use either.


## Save/Load

You can save and load the data in JSON format. Press the `save` and `load` buttons on the top of controller, respectively.


## Gallery

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_wood.gif" alt="Wood" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Wood</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_circle.gif" alt="Circle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Circle</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_solar.gif" alt="Solar" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Solar</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_corona.gif" alt="Corona" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Corona</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_spark.gif" alt="Spark" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Spark</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_ring.gif" alt="Ring" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Ring</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradation.gif" alt="Gradation" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Gradation</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradationline.gif" alt="GradationLine" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">GradationLine</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flash.gif" alt="Flash" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flash</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cone.gif" alt="Cone" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cone</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flower.gif" alt="Flower" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flower</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flowerfun.gif" alt="FlowerFun" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlowerFun</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_wavering.gif" alt="WaveRing" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">WaveRing</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_smoke.gif" alt="Smoke" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Smoke</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flame.gif" alt="Flame" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flame</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_frameeye.gif" alt="FlameEye" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlameEye</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fire.gif" alt="Fire" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Fire</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cell.gif" alt="Cell" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cell</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_lightning.gif" alt="Lightning" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Lightning</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare.gif" alt="Flare" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare2.gif" alt="Flare2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flare3.gif" alt="Flare3" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Flare3</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_lensflare.gif" alt="LensFlare" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">LensFlare</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_sun.gif" alt="Sun" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Sun</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_magiccircle.gif" alt="MagicCircle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">MagicCircle</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_mandara.gif" alt="Mandara" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Mandara</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_explosion.gif" alt="Explosion" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Explosion</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_explosion2.gif" alt="Explosion2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Explosion2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cross.gif" alt="Cross" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cross</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_laser.gif" alt="Laser" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Laser</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_laser2.gif" alt="Laser2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Laser2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_light.gif" alt="Light" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Light</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cloud.gif" alt="Cloud" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cloud</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cloud2.gif" alt="Cloud2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Cloud2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_perlinnoise.gif" alt="PerlinNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">PerlinNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_seemlessnoise.gif" alt="SeemlessNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">SeemlessNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_booleannoise.gif" alt="BooleanNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BooleanNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_cellnoise.gif" alt="CellNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">CellNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_turbulentnoise.gif" alt="TurbulentNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">TurbulentNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise.gif" alt="FbmNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise2.gif" alt="FbmNoise2" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise2</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_fbmnoise3.gif" alt="FbmNoise3" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FbmNoise3</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_randomnoise.gif" alt="RandomNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">RandomNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_voronoinoise.gif" alt="VoronoiNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">VoronoiNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_sparknoise.gif" alt="SparkNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">SparkNoise</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_marblenoise.gif" alt="MarbleNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">MarbleNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_tessnoise.gif" alt="TessNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">TessNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_gradientnoise.gif" alt="GradientNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">GradientNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_checker.gif" alt="Checker" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Checker</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_flamelance.gif" alt="FlameLance" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">FlameLance</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_bonfire.gif" alt="Bonfire" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Bonfire</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_snow.gif" alt="Snow" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Snow</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_diamondgear.gif" alt="DiamondGear" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">DiamondGear</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_brushstroke.gif" alt="BrushStroke" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BrushStroke</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_speckle.gif" alt="Speckle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Speckle</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_bubbles.gif" alt="Bubbles" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Bubbles</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_pentagon.gif" alt="Pentagon" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Pentagon</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_grunge.gif" alt="Grunge" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Grunge</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_energy.gif" alt="Energy" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Energy</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_inksplat.gif" alt="InkSplat" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">InkSplat</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_particle.gif" alt="Particle" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Particle</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_electric.gif" alt="Electric" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Electric</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_caustics.gif" alt="Caustics" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Caustics</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_squiggles.gif" alt="Squiggles" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Squiggles</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_waterturbulence.gif" alt="WaterTurbulence" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">WaterTurbulence</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_trabeculum.gif" alt="Trabeculum" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">Trabeculum</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_binarymatrix.gif" alt="BinaryMatrix" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">BinaryMatrix</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/fxgen_coherentnoise.gif" alt="CoherentNoise" />
      <div className="mbx-center margin-bottom--sm">CoherentNoise</div>
    </div>
    <div className="col">
    </div>
    <div className="col">
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

## CoherentNoise

- `NoiseFrequency` should be divisible by `Repeat`.
- Maximzing `Gain` can allow to binarize a noise value. It can also be adjusted with the `Bias`.
- `VoronoiCell` has effect when `VoronoiNoise` is enabled.
- `RidgeOffset` has effect when `Ridge` is enabled.
- `ScaleShift` maps noise values from [-1,1] to [0,1].
- `GradientNoise` is Perlin Noise．
- `Bias` is used to shift noise mean value.
- `Gain` is used to "sharpen" noise.

## Tips

This parameters can be used to create the following image.

<div className="container">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="col">
      <img src="/img/lab/EffectTextureMaker_Tips01.png" alt="Tips01" />
    </div>
    <div className="col">
      <ul>
        <li>type: GradientLine </li>
        <li>Direction X: 0</li>
        <li>Direction Y: 1</li>
        <li>Offset: 0</li>
        <li>PowerExponent: 5</li>
        <li>polarConversion: 有効</li>
      </ul>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>


## Contact

Please do not hesitate to contact me. 

mebiusbox[at]gmail[dot].com


## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2017-2024 mebiusbox software.


## Changes

- 2024-03-26: 
  - [Add] CoherentNoise template type.
  - [Add] Add a button to reset effect parameters.
  - [Fix] Noise sphere cannot be rendered.
- 2023-12-31: [Add] BinaryMatrix template type.
- 2023-12-12: [Add] SpriteSheets can be saved as Png image with alpha channel.
- 2023-11-23: [Add] An generated image can be saved in Png image with alpha channel (Experimental). 'Save (PNG)' and 'Download (PNG)' have the same function. They are provided for browser compatibility.
